Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today I’m going to
explain the third part of a drama mini-series
called “Click Bait,” Spoilers
ahead! Watch out and take care!
Sarah’s brother Simon and his friend Darryl
are hiding something about Nick’s case from
the police. When Detective Roshan informs Pia
about him being in Sacramento to meet Simon,
Pia drives there as well. On her way, she is
looking at Simon’s socials and sees he has posted
a picture of him and Darryl the day Nick was
kidnapped. She goes to the motel Roshan is staying
in and meets him. Pia points out the picture
Simon posted and claims that it could be fake
because the rest of Simon's feed is only politics.
Roshan says he notices that himself but doesn’t
react much. Pia asks him what they should do
now and moves forward to Roshan. They make out,
but Roshan stops her midway, saying that this
could lead to being taken off the case.
Meanwhile, Simon is packing his luggage hurriedly
to run away from the city. As he packs, the
box with Sarah’s belongings catches his eye. He
brings it out and reminisces about his sister—the
scene changes to three months prior when Simon
is devastated after Sarah’s death. He has seen
the last text messages exchanged between Sarah and
Jeremy and blames the man for killing his sister.
He reads his sister’s journal, where she has
written everything that Jeremy has ever told her.
From the journal, Simon and Darryl find out the
couple planned to meet at an Oakland Lynx game.
From this information, they figure out Jeremy
is actually Nick and are able to get his address
and personal information. The morning Nick got
abducted, Simon and Darryl waited for him on
his daily route to work. A nervous Simon sedated
him forcefully and took him inside the van.
Back in the present, Simon is about to leave the
city when he is approached by Roshan and a police
officer. They want him to come to the police to
get his official statement. Simon obliges and gets
inside his own car while the officers get in the
police vehicle. But before they can leave, Simon
gets out of the car and runs away. Roshan follows
him behind, and a chase ensues between the two.
At the same time, Pia goes to Simon’s apartment
building and sees Darryl trying to run away.
He recognizes her and asks her what she is doing
there. Pia sees a gun on the man and stays quiet.
Darryl tries to abduct her, but she manages
to strike him with her keys and escape.
Simon, on the other hand, is eventually caught.
While being arrested, he thinks of the events that
happened after they abducted Nick. The scene cuts
to eleven days prior. Nick is kept in a van with
his hands tied. After he regains consciousness, he
asks the abductors why he is there. Darryl angrily
tells him about Sarah, but Nick claims he doesn’t
know her. When he asks what happened to Sarah,
an enraged Simon hits him in the face. They make
him write “I abuse women” and “At 5 million views
I die” on the paper and videotape it. Simon
uploads it on the internet, saying that Nick’s
life is now officially over. Darryl, however, is
still not satisfied. He writes “I killed a woman”
on the third paper and makes Nick pose with it.
Nick retaliates, saying he didn’t kill anyone. He
asks Simon how his sister died and finds out that
she killed herself. Nick asks more questions about
her death, angering Simon even more. He punches
Nick repeatedly, making him sob in pain.
After a while, the video reaches three and a half
million views. Nick asks Simon what makes him
think Nick killed his sister. Simon pulls up his
dating profile on his laptop and shows it to an
utterly surprised Nick. Nick claims that it is not
his profile because he has a wife and two kids.
Simon, in turn, tells him about Sophie cheating
on him which surprises Nick because he hadn’t told
this to anyone yet. When Nick still denies knowing
Sarah, Simon shows him a picture of him and Sarah
on a beach. Nick claims that it is clearly
photoshopped, but the other two don’t believe him.
Sometime later, Nick tells Simon that his father
also killed himself. He reveals that he and Pia
had found their father’s body when they were just
kids. Since Nick also has a sister, he knows what
Simon must have gone through. Nick tries to reason
with Simon, saying that he knows how it feels like
to lose a loved one. He then asks Simon to show
him that picture again. Simon brings out the
picture and sees the level of the horizon doesn’t
match, so the picture is clearly edited.
Right then, Darryl calls Simon outside, saying
that the video is at four million now. Back in
the present, Simon sits in the interrogation room
with Roshan. The detective asks him about his
relationship with Nick, but Simon doesn’t speak.
Instead, he asks to speak to Nick’s sister. Roshan
is surprised but asks Pia to come in anyway.
She sits in front of Simon, who stays quiet
for the most part. Pia reminds him that although
he avenged his sister’s death, he will never get
to be with her or hug her again. She is gone, and
nothing will bring her back. At last, she asks him
what he accomplished by killing her brother.
We are then taken back to the time the video had
just hit five million views. Simon and Darryl are
outside the van. An excited Darryl hands Simon a
gun, saying that it is now showtime. Darryl opens
the van’s doors but is instantly attacked by Nick,
who has freed himself. Darryl asks Simon to shoot
Nick, but he doesn’t. Nick runs away but is still
followed by Simon. He soon finds Nick and holds
him at gunpoint. Nick explains that whoever did
this had access to his family photos, his life,
and his marriage. He knows who it is because he
had only told one person about his wife’s affair.
Nick promises to find the person who drove Sarah
to death and begs Simon to leave him. At last,
Simon lets him go, revealing that he, in fact,
didn’t kill Nick. Simon apologizes to
Pia and tells her that he let Nick go.
Roshan, however, doesn’t believe him.
In the following scene, we see Nick’s son
Ethan texting someone named Allison about the
murderer being found. He thanks her for being
there for him all this time. The next day, the
Brewers’ sons return to school for the first
time since Nick's disappearance. It is easier for
them because Sophie teaches at the same school.
She asks the boys to stay out of trouble and
leaves. Kai’s friends welcome him back, but
Ethan is confronted by a bully. The bully makes
jokes about Sophie’s relationship with Curtis,
which angers Ethan, but he doesn’t react. Kai,
who has been listening to the conversation nearby,
loses his temper and attacks the bully. They get
into a fight which is stopped when Ethan pulls Kai
away. The bully’s nose is left bloodied after.
Later, both Ethan and Kai are at the principal's
office with Sophie. Ethan texts his internet
friend, Allison, saying he might be in trouble.
At night, the family is having dinner when Ethan
asks Pia what Nick’s murderers looked like. Pia
answers that they looked sad. She then reveals
that Simon said he let Nick go because he realized
he had gotten the wrong person. Andrea says the
killer is obviously lying, but Pia believes him.
Sophie takes her aside and asks her to
keep the conspiracy theory to herself.
She doesn’t want to give her kids false hope
that their dad might have been a good person.
Sometime later, Ethan is in his room texting
Allison again. He tells her about Pia’s theory
making Allison question more about the matter.
He then watches a video of Mandy, the artist
who was one of the girls Nick met online. She
says that she had never met Nick in real life.
This shocks Ethan because now, the only person
alive who has claimed to meet Ethan is Emma,
and if she is lying, Nick might be innocent. Ethan
texts Allison about this as well. The following
day, Sophie leaves for work, leaving the boys
behind. Ethan calls Pia, but she doesn’t pick up,
so he goes to her work to meet her. He then
tells her that Nick never met Mandy, making her
believe that Nick might be innocent. Pia calls
Emma to ask her, but she doesn’t pick up.
The two then go to the police station to inform
Roshan about the matter. Meanwhile, Sophie finds
out from the principal that the bully’s parents
are trying to press charges against Kai. She
requests her to arrange a mediation so she can
talk to the parents directly. The principal
accepts to do it but suggests to Sophie that she
and her kids should leave the school to avoid
more chaos. In the meantime, Pia tells Roshan
that Mandy has never talked to Nick. But Roshan
dismisses her because that doesn’t prove anything.
He says he will give Emma a call to confirm
and continues to another case. While returning
home, Pia sees Ethan texting someone constantly
and asks him who it is. Ethan reveals that it
is his internet friend who he likes. Pia asks
him to make sure he is not being catfished.
When he returns, Sophie then asks Ethan to stay
home and leaves with Kai to meet the bully’s
father. Ethan goes through his and Allison’s
messages and notices a pattern of texts where
she urges him to tell her more about Nick’s case.
He quickly asks her to meet him in real
life, but she claims she cannot meet him
because she has an anxiety disorder. Ethan
realizes that he has been catfished. He throws
his phone away in frustration but receives a text
from Allison again. She has sent him her location,
so he quickly leaves to meet her. When he finally
knocks on her door, a middle-aged man greets him.
Ethan calls him out for catfishing him, but
the man turns out to be Allison’s father.
He then meets Allison, who invites him in.
Meanwhile, Pia goes to Vince again to ask him to
figure who was pretending to be Nick in the dating
profiles. Vince, in turn, tells her about Tara,
the girl who dropped out of the volleyball team
after arguing with Ben. She might be able to tell
who was behind the fake profiles. In the meantime,
Alison and Ethan instantly bond and start talking
about Nick’s case. Allison suggests Ethan call
Emma on his own because she might answer his calls
since he was supposed to be her stepson.
The two get her social media profile,
and video call her. To their surprise, she picks
up the call. Ethan greets her and directly asks
her if she has met his dad. At first, Emma says
that they were in love but then nervously admits
she never met him. Allison videos the
conversation. After the call, Allison
tells him that if she gets the pictures that fake
Nick sent to Emma, she can use the metadata to
find where they were sent from. Ethan promises
to ask Emma for the pictures and leaves.
Pia, on the other hand, goes to meet Tara, who
tells her that she and Nick were fighting because
he didn’t want her to leave the volleyball team.
It turns out that Nick’s coworker Matt and Tara
had an affair. When she ended the relationship,
Matt uploaded her nudes on the internet. Nick
was helping her through the situation and not
abusing her. Pia is beyond surprised to hear this.
She realizes that Nick is the one who made those
fake dating profiles and rushes to his work
to confirm. She barges into his office and asks
another coworker, Dawn, to unlock Matt’s computer,
which she reluctantly does. At first, she finds
Tara’s pictures. Then, she sees every picture used
in Nick’s dating profile on Matt’s computer. She
is now sure that Matt is the culprit. Pia takes
pictures of the computer’s screen as evidence.
In the meantime, Ethan sends the pictures to
Allison for her to find out the address. Kai
barges into his room and sees him closing the
tabs abruptly. He asks him what is wrong, but
Ethan dismisses it. Sophie calls them down to
have a chat. She tells them about wanting to
transfer to a different school for a fresh start.
Ethan takes this opportunity to show her the
video of Emma admitting that she never met Nick.
Hearing this, Kai sneaks into Ethan’s room
and goes through his computer. Just then,
Allison texts Ethan the hacker’s address. Kai
reads the messages and figures out the address
is of the person who stole Nick’s identity.
In the meantime, Pia calls Roshan and tells
him about the pictures she found on Matt’s
computer. Roshan thinks she is overreacting
at first but then believes her. When Pia gets to
her apartment, Matt is waiting for her outside,
asking her why she broke into his
office. Pia accuses him of abusing Tara,
but he denies posting the pictures online. He gets
aggressive but leaves when Pia’s roommate arrives.
Meanwhile, Sophie checks up on her sons and finds
Kai missing. We see Kai on his way to the address
that Allison had sent Ethan. He wants to take
revenge on the person who faked being his dad
and even has a baseball bat with him.
Back home, Ethan checks the “find my fam” app
and sees Kai has turned his phone off. Sophie gets
worried by the second and calls Pia. Just then,
Ethan notices Allison’s last text and figures
where Kai must have gone. The scene changes to
Nick’s very first day at work. Matt takes him in
and introduces Nick to the administration manager,
Dawn Gleed. Back in the present, Kai finally
reaches the address and knocks on the door.
Dawn opens the door and invites him in.
She and her husband Ed share a knowing look
while telling the boy to make himself home. Pia
and Sophie make their way to the address in their
own cars. Roshan is informed of the situation as
well. Kai now sits with the old couple in their
dining room. He asks them about the catfish, but
Dawn jokingly says they used to have a goldfish.
Kai feels uncomfortable and says he wants to
return home. Instead of answering the boy, Dawn
asks Kai if his mother knows where he is. Kai lies
and says he told everyone before coming there.
Ed offers to drive him home and goes to his
room to get the car keys. Dawn follows him
behind nervously, saying that Sophie might have
already called the police. After that, Ed brings
out a gun, blaming Dawn for getting them into the
mess. We are taken back to Nick’s first day at
work again. Dawn helps him set up his computer and
in the process, gains access to pictures from his
phone and his social media credentials. When she
returns home that day, we see her lifestyle has
been repetitive and boring for the past several
years. At night, she is in front of her computer.
Dawn excitedly logs into a dating app as Nick. One
day at work, Dawn comes across Nick day drinking
in his office. She asks him what is wrong,
and Nick tells her about Sophie’s affair.
He trusts her enough to go into details, which she
later tells the girls who she talks to as Nick.
Back in the present, Sophie and Pia get to Dawn’s
address and break inside the house. No one seems
to be home, but the two find Dawn and Ed’s
picture, realizing that she was responsible
for stealing Nick’s identity. Meanwhile, the
couple nervously drives Kai away from his home.
Dawn throws Kai’s phone out when he tries to
call his mother. Kai begs the two to let him
go. They stop the car at a ranch and get the boy
inside a trailer. Dawn is nervous because of the
gun Ed possesses, but Ed says that he is not
going to jail at all costs. At the same time,
the police locate their car in the ranch and
drive to it. Dawn nervously tells Ed she didn’t
mean to hurt anyone. Ed, in turn, asks her
if she was in love with women she talked to
as Nick but Dawn says she was just lonely and
wanted to live a few moments as a young person
like Nick. A flashback shows Dawn using a
voice-changing app to talk to Emma on the phone.
She tells her how much she loves her as Nick.
That night, she mistakenly leaves her laptop open,
and her messages are revealed to Ed. He is
furious at her for stealing someone’s identity
to do something so childish. Dawn begs
for forgiveness, but Ed walks away.
Right then, Sarah sends her the texts threatening
her to commit suicide. An enraged Dawn texts back
that she doesn’t care, driving Sarah to actually
kill herself. When Simon let Nick go that day,
he ran to Dawn’s home directly because he knew she
was the only one who had access to his photos and
the one person who he told about Sophie’s affair.
Nick confronts Dawn for stealing his identity and
asks her to come to him to the police. Just then,
Ed, from behind Nick, hits him on the head with
a hammer, killing him instantly. Back in the
trailer, Kai manages to break the glass window
and escape. The couple runs after him. After
they leave, the police arrive at the trailer.
They spread out looking for the couple and the
kid. The police finally find Dawn and arrest her.
She claims that her husband has Kai and begs
to police to let her see Ed because only she
can stop him. They soon find Ed holding Kai at
gunpoint. Dawn apologizes and lovingly asks her
husband to let the child go. He does as she says,
and Kai finally gets to Sophie. Ed sobs and points
his gun at the police, causing them to shoot
him dead. Dawn hugs her husband’s limp body on
the ground but is soon dragged away by the police.
Roshan finally drives the Brewer family back home.
Then, we see Sophie put back Nick’s picture in
the house again, knowing that her husband was
the person she knew and loved. The scene cuts to
Nick’s funeral. Roshan tells Pia that Tara has
decided to press charges against Matt. Sophie
stands at the entrance of the funeral feeling
overwhelmed, but Pia manages to reassure her
that they will get through this by supporting
each other as a family. The series ends as the
two walk into the funeral home together.
Subscribe for more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a
like to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.